A
Good
oh
Oh
Even if I'm beaten,
the seeds of my mouth
have finally come out.
I wish I could only be a bridge.
My thoughts are
deep and deep.
Reo Eikei.
This is the Tokyo Central Broadcasting Station.
I have a story to tell you about the
disease of the love disease of Asai Medical School.
I am Asai, who has been assigned to introduce you.
Today, I would like to talk about the disease of love disease
that I recently discovered.
I don't have a lot of time,
so I'll end my lecture here.
I have finished the detailed story of Asai Medical School.
I will broadcast the weather forecast in about 3 minutes.
Reo Eikei.
This is the Tokyo Central Broadcasting Station.
The sun is still shining.
Thank you for watching.